Here is Rock
Rock is the Junior Marketing Agent for a company named Hades-Francis Corp.
Hades-Francis Corp, is a company that creates impressive AI, regarded as the industry standard by many professionals
Even though the two owners have seemed to only feud after their merger a few decades ago, they still managed to make a sucessfull company
And on top of that, they are on the brink of discovery
Hades-Francis Corp is getting ready to reveal their new technological innovation:
The-
*BANG*
Rock looks behind him. His co-worker, Cindy Maxwell, his assigned mentee and the company's assistant secretary accidentally bumped into a chair.
That bumped into the desk
That spilled a newly served cup of coffee near a Software Engineer's desk
That startled the Software Engineer
That made him hit his hand on a lamp, making it fall and break.
Cindy: "My Bad..."
Software Engineer: "WATCH WHERE YOU ARE GOING DIMWIT"
Cindy: "I didn't mean to-"
Software Engineer: "JESUS, YOU ARE ALWAYS BREAKING THINGS"
The Software Engineer looks at Cindy menacingly, then calms down
Software Engineer: "Just clean it up, ok?"
Cindy: "Uh, yea, I mean, alright"
Cindy: Rushes past Rock to get a mop
Rock: "You need to be more careful in the office, everyone is a bit burned out by the deadlines"
Cindy just grumbles as she walks by, something about being butthurt
Rock sighs and gets back to work
Rock has one job at this company
Make an appealing marketing campaign that will convince the general public to buy a Android with thew new project
Not that hard, until you realise the stigma towards reasearch involving androids that have feelings.
Most android owners want to be able to, "use" their androids without being worried of hurting it's feelings
Or killing them
That is why the project is going to have trouble selling well
However Rock is confident that he will make an amazing advertising campaign and climb up the corporate ladder
Unknown: "ATTENTION"
Everyone looks at the unknown exec, probably there to complain about the employees not workign enough
Ironic, considering the fact that he just sits his... Large tail-end at his desk all day, sipping tea and watching dramas from his office
Noone likes him
Unknown Exec: "We are almost done this project, but it is not over. I don't want anyone slacking off in the final stretch, ok?"
The Unknown Exec looks up greedily
Unknown Exec: "Plus, I will get promoted if this goes well"
The Unknown Exec leaves the room happily mumbling to himself
When hes gone, Rock overhears some quiet cursing and insults, directed at the Exec
Rock just wants to get this done. Plus this will look good on a resume
Cindy returns with the mop
Rock: "Try not to knock over anymore mugs while your at it"
Cindy looks at Rock with contempt
Cindy: "Just because you are my assigned mentor, does not mean you get to devalue me while you are at it jerk"
Rock: "Yea, yea, just do what you were doing"
Cindy leaves to clean the spill
-- 4 Hours Later --
Rock is about to pack up and go home
It's been a long day
As he goes to his work locker, he finds a note inside
The note reads:
<red>Hurstgen <red>Forest, <red>be <red>there <red>at <red>12 <red>pm
Hurstgen Forest?, that was almost an hour out
Plus, it was raining, and he didn't want to drive in the rain
On top of that, he didn't know who this person was, it could be some creepy guy trying t do creepy things
But something about the letter intrigued him
Rock: I guess I can check this out
Right when he says that, Cindy walks in
Cindy: What are you still doing here?
I guess she was still mad about the teasing earlier
Rock: Oh it's nothing, just packing up
Cindy: mhm, just remember to send me the Marketing Report over the weekend
Rock: I work on weekends, so of course ill send it
Cindy: Oh yea, some people are not as priviledged as me
Cindy looks sadistically at Rock
Rock: You are essentially the lap dog for the ACTUAL secretary, so you don't have the right to speak about priviledges
Cindy frowns
Cindy: HEY, thats...
Cindy looks down. Her job really does suck after all
Cindy: Maybe you are right
Rock feels pity. After all, Hades-Francis is the most prestegious, high-pyaing, but also hardest to enter company in the country
Even when you are hired, you are essentially a wage-slave for the first 3 years
Rock: Don't worry, things will turn up. Plus, your superior is old as hell, and will probably pass the torch to you in the coming months
Cindy looked up hopefully
Cindy: Yea, I hope so
Cindy: Anyways, im going to head home, bye Rock
Cindy leaves
Rock looks at the paper he hid in the locker again. He was a little curious. Too curious
Rock: I guess I will check it out.
Rock leaves the office
-- After an about half hour drive, Rock arrives at his destination --
Rock leaves his car and looks at the landscape before him
Hurstgen Forest is a nature reserve bought from the government by a combination of tech companies to push their United Nature Conservation Program (UNCP)
The UNCP was created to appease public consern about the effect of the growing robotics industry on the environment
Obviously, buying a large forest won't change anything, but people were more content with the industry afterwards
Rock starts heading into the edge of the forest
The note didn't actually tell him where to wait
After some mulling, Rock decided to just circle the forest until he found something
Even when it started to rain
Although it was late, the forest was peaceful, in a natural sense
Rock: This is actually pretty peaceful
...
... ...
... ... ...
Unknown: *Rustling*
Rock perks up at the noise
It seemed like it was coming from one of the nearby bushes
Rock: Who's there?
...
There is no reply
Rock decided to keep walking. After all it could just be some animal
After a few minutes he hears it again
Unknown: *Rustling*
Rock looks back again
Nothing.
Rock: To ease myself, im just going to check out where the noise is coming from
Rock: After all, what could go wrong?
Rock edges closer to the bushes.
Suddenly, some robot looking creature leaps at him
Rock: WHAT THE-?
The bot grabs at him violently
Bot: Target found
Rock did not know what was going on, but one thing was clear
He was going to have to fight